Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann,Believe in yourself. Not in the you who believes in me. Not the me who believes in you. Believe in the you who believes in yourself.
Attack on Titan, The world is cruel but also very beautiful.
Inuyasha, I want you to be happy. I want you to laugh a lot. I don't know what exactly I'll be able to do for you, but I'll always be by your side.
Fullmetal Alchemist, The world isn't perfect. But it's there for us, trying the best it can. That's what makes it so damn beautiful.
Naruto, If you don't like your destiny, don't accept it. Instead, have the courage to change it the way you want it to be.
Fairy Tail, To be strong is not just about physical abilities. It's about having the courage to make tough decisions.
Sword Art Online, We are not defined by our past, but by the choices we make in the present.
One Piece, No matter how deep the night, it always turns to day, eventually.
No Game No Life, Life is not a game of luck. If you wanna win, work hard.
Fairy Tail, Fear is not evil. It tells you what your weakness is. And once you know your weakness, you can become stronger as well as kinder.
Tokyo Ghoul, Why should I apologize for being a monster? Has anyone ever apologized for turning me into one?
Akame ga Kill!, If you can't find a reason to fight, then you shouldn't be fighting.
Gintama, Life is like a tube of toothpaste. When you've used all the toothpaste down to the last squeeze, that's when you've really lived.
Bleach, Revenge is just the path you take to escape your suffering.
Kiki's Delivery Service, If you only face forward, there is something you will miss seeing.
Pokémon: The First Movie, The circumstances of one's birth are irrelevant. It is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are.
Serial Experiments Lain, If you're not remembered, then you never existed.
Code Geass, The government that makes the people suffer is no longer a government. It's a hell.
Assassination Classroom, The difference between the novice and the master is that the master has failed more times than the novice has tried.
Fairy Tail, The world isn't as cruel as you take it to be.
Fullmetal Alchemist, A lesson without pain is meaningless. That's because no one can gain without sacrificing something.
One Punch Man, It's not about how hard you hit. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward.
Naruto, You should never give up on life, no matter how you feel. No matter how badly you want to give up, you should keep going.
Tamako Market, You can't always hold on to the things that are important. By letting them go we gain something else.
Cowboy Bebop, I'm not going there to die. I'm going to find out if I'm really alive.
Love, Chunibyo & Other Delusions, First-year high school problems should be no problem for me.
The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya, I’m not stupid. I’m just too lazy to show how smart I am.
Paprika, The only way to truly escape the mundane is for you to constantly be evolving.
The Garden of Words, Dreams can become a reality when we possess a vision to achieve them.
Naruto Shippūden the Movie: Bonds, I’ll definitely bring you back to Konoha.
Haikyuu!!, It's not about perfect. It's about effort. And when you bring that effort every single day, that's where transformation happens. That's how change occurs.
Hunter x Hunter: Phantom Rouge, You should enjoy the little detours. To the fullest. Because that's where you'll find the things more important than what you want.
Kino's Journey',When you hit the point of no return that's the moment it truly becomes a journey. If you can still turn back it's not really a journey.
The Girl Who Leapt Through Time Even if I die I will never let you go.
Attack on Titan, I am free. Whatever I do. Whatever I choose. I do it out of my own free will.
K-On! The Movie, The world is beautiful. Even when it's filled with sadness and tears.
Fullmetal Alchemist: The Sacred Star of Milos, There's no way to change the past. But the future is still within your power.
The Place Promised in Our Early Days, Sometimes you have to be apart from people you love, but that doesn’t make you love them any less. Sometimes you love them more.
Tokyo Godfathers, The ones who are the hardest to love are usually the ones who need it the most.
Hunter x Hunter: Phantom Rouge, You can only become truly accomplished at something you love. Don’t make money your goal. Instead pursue the things you love doing and then do them so well that people can’t take their eyes off of you.
Fullmetal Alchemist, Stand up and walk. Move on. After all, you have perfect legs to stand on.
The Wind Rises, I am who I am now, because of everything that’s happened. If I try to deny my past, I'm denying the person I've become.
Death Note, I’ll take a potato chip...and eat it!
Hunter x Hunter, I do not fear death. I fear only that my rage will fade over time.
Sword Art Online the Movie: Ordinal Scale, The only thing we're allowed to do is believe we won't regret the choice we made.
Naruto, We don’t know what kind of people we truly are until the moment before our deaths.
Your Name, We are all like fireworks. We climb shine and always go our separate ways and become further apart but even if that time comes let's not disappear like a firework and continue to shine forever.
